The James Webb Space Telescope Absolute Flux Calibration. I. Program Design and Calibrator Stars

Milky Way Mid-Infrared Spitzer Spectroscopic Extinction Curves: Continuum and Silicate Features

TRUST. I. A 3D externally illuminated slab benchmark for dust radiative transfer


The Panchromatic Hubble Andromeda Treasury. XV. The BEAST: Bayesian Extinction and Stellar Tool

The Mid-Infrared Instrument for the James Webb Space Telescope, X: Operations and Data Reduction

Dust and Gas in the Magellanic Clouds from the HERITAGE Herschel Key Project. I. Dust Properties and Insights into the Origin of the Submillimeter Excess Emission


Surveying the Agents of Galaxy Evolution in the Tidally Stripped, Low Metallicity Small Magellanic Cloud (SAGE-SMC). I. Overview

Determining dust temperatures and masses in the Herschel era: The importance of observations longward of 200 micron

FUSE Measurements of Far-Ultraviolet Extinction. III. The Dependence on R(V) and Discrete Feature Limits from 75 Galactic Sightlines

The Dust-to-Gas Ratio in the Small Magellanic Cloud Tail

The Behavior of the Aromatic Features in M101 H II Regions: Evidence for Dust Processing

Absolute Calibration and Characterization of the Multiband Imaging Photometer for Spitzer. II. 70 μm Imaging

Spitzer MIPS Infrared Imaging of M31: Further Evidence for a Spiral-Ring Composite Structure

Reduction Algorithms for the Multiband Imaging Photometer for Spitzer

Spatially Resolved Ultraviolet, Hα, Infrared, and Radio Star Formation in M81

A Quantitative Comparison of the Small Magellanic Cloud, Large Magellanic Cloud, and Milky Way Ultraviolet to Near-Infrared Extinction Curves

The DIRTY Model. I. Monte Carlo Radiative Transfer through Dust

Dust Emission Features in NGC 7023 between 0.35 and 2.5 Microns: Extended Red Emission (0.7 Microns) and Two New Emission Features (1.15 and 1.5 Microns)

The Flux Ratio Method for Determining the Dust Attenuation of Starburst Galaxies

The Dusty Starburst Nucleus of M33

Starburst-like Dust Extinction in the Small Magellanic Cloud

The Spectroscopic Orbit of the Evolved Binary HD 197770

Detection of Extended Red Emission in the Diffuse Interstellar Medium

Dust in Starburst Galaxies

Zeta2 Coronae Borealis, A Spectroscopic Triple System Including an Asynchronous Close Binary

The Far-Ultraviolet Dust Albedo in the Upper Scorpius Subgroup of the Scorpius OB2 Association
